[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[universalsubtitles.django]
source_file = locale/django.pot
source_lang = en
file_filter = locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
trans.bg_BG = locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
trans.el_GR = locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
trans.es_ES = locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
trans.id_ID = locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
trans.lt_LT = locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
trans.lv_LV = locale/lv/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
trans.sl_SI = locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
trans.th_TH = locale/th/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
trans.km_KH = locale/km/LC_MESSAGES/django.po

[universalsubtitles.djangojs]
source_file = locale/djangojs.pot
source_lang = en
file_filter = locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/djangojs.po
trans.bg_BG = locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/djangojs.po
trans.el_GR = locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/djangojs.po
trans.es_ES = locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/djangojs.po
trans.id_ID = locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/djangojs.po
trans.lt_LT = locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/djangojs.po
trans.lv_LV = locale/lv/LC_MESSAGES/djangojs.po
trans.sl_SI = locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/djangojs.po
trans.th_TH = locale/th/LC_MESSAGES/djangojs.po
trans.km_KH = locale/km/LC_MESSAGES/djangojs.po
